nigga shut your flip phone home alone dick tone bitch ass up nigga
Nigga you sound like a fucking microwave dumbass nigga shut your 
bitch ass up, deadass you fuck your pillow when you’re horny faggot 
ass nigga ugly ass nigga you sound like a modern warfare machine gun you
 just turned 13 year and calling everyone kids now weakass 
hoe you have no toilets in your house so you shit on the floor you nasty ass bitch 
you fucking masterbate while thinking of your crush in your class gay ass faggot 
james charles fan motherfucker you probably steal your mom’s credit card to buy 
james charles nudes you faggot ass pussy dickweed hoe i’ll kill your dumbass 
bruh who tf are you to talk shut the fuck up you dumb bitch fuck off wet ass nigga 
when your mom slept with your dad she fucked him on the bed you fucking bastard 
slut ass whore ass bitch ass slut faggot mug ass nigga you came to life through a fail 
condom you fucking bastard shut your faggot ass up nigga you suck cocks for a living
 you rage in fortnite and start asking people to 1v1 you fucking squeaker motherfucker 
shut your gay ass up you sound like a fucking monkey cocksucker motherfucker fuck 
yourself with a banana you bitch ass don’t fuck with me you mug ass dickhead fucktard
 eat shit you dumbass slaveyou wear a fucking wig my nigga dont talk shit to me im your 
dad your my son nigga youre a fucking pussy gotta get the while gang to pack me 
fucking retarded ass nigga nigga sounds like my microwave from 2010 nigga your mom sold
you on ebay for 1 dollar for being a pornstar fucking idiot bitch ass nigga.
If you had an original thought it would die of loneliness before the hour was out. On an intelligence scale of 1 to 10 (10 corresponding to the highest attainable IQ) you're rating is so far into negative numbers that one would need to travel into another quantum reality in order to even catch a distant glimpse of it. Your personality is that of a rabid Chihuahua intent on destroying its own tail. Your powers of observation are akin to those of the bird that keeps slamming into the picture window trying to get that other bird it keeps seeing. You are walking, talking proof that you don't have to be sentient to survive, and that Barnum was thinking of you when he uttered his immortal phrase regarding the birth of a sucker. You are, at varying times, tedious, boring, and even occasionally earth shatteringly hilarious in your idiocy, routinely childish, moronic, pathetic, wretched, disgusting and pitiful. You are wholly without any redeeming social grace or value. If God ever decides to give the planet an enema you'd better run like the wind because anywhere you stand is a suitable place for The Insertion. There is no animal so disgusting, so vile that it deserves comparison to you, for even the lowest, dirtiest, most parasitic member of the animal kingdom fills an ecological niche.

